content/developer-guide/api-reference/README.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Database-Migration-Status.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/expect-actual-Pattern.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/KMP-Migration-Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/layers/README.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/LiveScoringVM-Analysis.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/MVVM-Patterns.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/patterns/README.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Platform-Abstractions-Status.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Pre-KMP-Architecture-State.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/README.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Refactoring-Reality-Check.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Refactoring-Roadmap.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/room-database-entity-mapping.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/RoundViewModel-Audit.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/RoundViewModel-Refactoring-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Scoring-Data-Model.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Scoring-ViewModel-Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/settings-architecture.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Shared-Domain-Status.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/System-Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/architecture/Technical-Debt.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Branch-Protection.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Hybrid Runner Implementation Guide.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Hybrid-Runner-System.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Maintenance-Tasks.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Patterns/PowerShell-Emoji-Encoding.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Troubleshooting-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/ci-cd/Workflows-Overview.md
content/developer-guide/contributing/Contributing.md
content/developer-guide/contributing/Contributing-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/contributing/README.md
content/developer-guide/getting-started/README.md
content/developer-guide/guides/best-practices/Build Quality Patterns and Test Best Practices.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase Auth State Loss Across Coroutines.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Firebase-Integration-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Firebase-Overview.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Firebase-Security-Rules.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Firebase-Setup.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Tournament-Discovery.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Firebase-Tournament-UI-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Migration Testing - Unit Tests vs Instrumented Tests.md
content/developer-guide/guides/Multi-Participant Ranking and Tie-Breaking.md
content/developer-guide/guides/README.md
content/developer-guide/Improvement-Tickets.md
content/developer-guide/index.md
content/developer-guide/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/API/DAOs/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/API/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/API/Repositories/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/API/Services/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/API/ViewModels/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Code-Examples/Common-Patterns/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Code-Examples/Feature-Examples/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Code-Examples/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Code-Examples/Testing-Examples/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Database/Migrations/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Database/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Database/Tables/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Analytics/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Data-Models/Equipment-Statistics.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Data-Models/Scoring-Data-Model.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Equipment/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Scoring/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Data-Models/Tournament/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Firebase-Integration-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Firebase-Overview.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Firebase-Security-Rules.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Firebase-Setup.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Tournament-Discovery.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Firebase/Tournament-UI-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Data-Sync-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Equipment-Management-End-to-End-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Round-Lifecycle-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Scoring-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Service-Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Flows/Service-Migration-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/Integration-Flows/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Data-Sync-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Equipment-Management-End-to-End-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Round-Lifecycle-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Scoring-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Service-Architecture.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/System-Flows/Service-Migration-Flow.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Flows/User-Flows/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Performance/Performance-Optimization.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Performance/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/README.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Tournament/Phase-2-Tournament-Discovery.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Tournament/Phase-4-Completion-Report.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Tournament/Tournament-System-Documentation.md
content/developer-guide/technical-reference/Tournament/Tournament-UI-Implementation-Plan.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Adapter-Migration-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Cache-Testing-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Coverage-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/testing/README.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Test-Coverage-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Test-Coverage-State-Week-10.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Test-Coverage-Strategy.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Test-Failure-Analysis.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Test-Quality-Standards.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Tournament-Test-Guide.md
content/developer-guide/testing/Tournament-Testing-Checklist.md
content/developer-guide/tools/README.md
content/index.md
content/internal/agents/README.md
content/internal/analysis/Analysis/Checkpoint-Findings.md
content/internal/analysis/Analysis/Data-Layer-Architecture.md
content/internal/analysis/Analysis/LiveScoringVM-Analysis.md
content/internal/analysis/Analysis/TournamentSyncService-Extraction-Plan.md
content/internal/code-graph/Architecture-Overview.md
content/internal/code-graph/Key-Patterns.md
content/internal/code-graph/README.md
content/internal/code-graph/ViewModels/Equipment-ViewModels.md
content/internal/development-patterns/Migration Testing - Unit Tests vs Instrumented Tests.md
content/internal/experiments/Agentic LLM Workflow Experiment.md
content/internal/guides/Abbreviations.md
content/internal/guides/Phase2-Completion-Summary.md
content/internal/index.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/KMP Migration Project.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Architecture/KMP Data Layer Architecture.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Architecture/Repository Migration Strategy.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Architecture/Room KMP Architecture.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Project Management/KMP Migration Progress.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 2 Final Completion.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 5 Service Migration.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 5-8 Overall Status.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 6-7 Database Planning.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 7-8 Pattern 3 Implementation.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/Week 7-8 Test Coverage.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/week-9/Agent-1-AAP-Week-9-Summary.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/week-9/Agent-2-AAM-Week-9-Summary.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/week-9/Agent-3-AAA-Week-9-Summary.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/kmp-migration/week-9/Agent-O-Week-9-Orchestration-Summary.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/README.md
content/internal/kmp-migration/Week 2 Completion - KMP Migration.md
content/internal/meta/Documentation-Cross-Reference.md
content/internal/meta/Infrastructure-Setup-Complete.md
content/internal/meta/Phase-2A-Migration-Report.md
content/internal/meta/Phase-2-Content-Audit.md
content/internal/meta/Phase-2-Summary.md
content/internal/meta/README.md
content/internal/meta/Templates/ADR-Template.md
content/internal/meta/Templates/API-Reference-Template.md
content/internal/meta/Templates/Developer-Guide-Template.md
content/internal/meta/Templates/Feature-Doc-Template.md
content/internal/meta/Templates/README.md
content/internal/meta/WikiLinks.md
content/internal/project-management/Known-Issues/README.md
content/internal/project-management/README.md
content/internal/project-management/Release-Notes/README.md
content/internal/project-management/Roadmap/README.md
content/internal/project-management/Status/README.md
content/internal/project-management/Team/README.md
content/internal/Project-Overview/README.md
content/internal/project-status/Checkpoint-Findings.md
content/internal/project-status/Current-TODO.md
content/internal/project-status/Implementation-Status-10-07-25.md
content/internal/project-status/Implementation-Status-10-09-25.md
content/internal/project-status/Project-Journal-10-07-25.md
content/internal/project-status/ViewModel-Refactoring-Progress.md
content/internal/README.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-08-Session.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-09-test-coverage-lifecycle-fixes.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-10-tournamentroundlifecycle-extraction.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-11-daily-journal.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-13-Test-Quality-Improvements.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-15-Multi-Participant-Ranking-Display.md
content/internal/sessions/2025-10-16-Settings-Test-Coverage-Enhancement.md
content/internal/sessions/README.md
content/internal/sessions/Tournament Settings and Display Names Fix.md
content/internal/tech-debt/RoundVM-Refactor-README.md
content/internal/tech-debt/Tech-Debt.md
content/internal/technical-notes/Firebase Auth State Loss Across Coroutines.md
content/internal/technical-notes/Multi-Participant Ranking and Tie-Breaking.md
content/internal/workflow/Claude-Development-Workflow.md
content/user-guide/features/Analytics/README.md
content/user-guide/features/Equipment/README.md
content/user-guide/features/Equipment-Statistics.md
content/user-guide/features/README.md
content/user-guide/features/Scoring/README.md
content/user-guide/features/Sync/README.md
content/user-guide/features/Target-Face-Visualization.md
content/user-guide/features/Tournament-System.md
content/user-guide/getting-started/README.md
content/user-guide/how-to/Data-Management/README.md
content/user-guide/how-to/Equipment-Tasks/README.md
content/user-guide/how-to/README.md
content/user-guide/how-to/Scoring-Scenarios/README.md
content/user-guide/index.md
content/user-guide/quick-start/README.md
content/user-guide/README.md
content/user-guide/reference/README.md
content/user-guide/troubleshooting/README.md
